Up here?
It's about the incomplete recipe for the elixir of immortality
Test drugs with mercury
whimsical
Never mind immortality.
It would be nice not to eat yourself to death
The emperor will not believe it, so he is here to catch people to test medicine
Just made mercury poison such a by-product
Eight or nine are inseparable
You fool
Pregnant look at this
flesh and blood
This is crazy.
A person who can refine the elixir of immortality
It's not normal
The writing on this piece of paper is not like the others
That's two people.
Now the other one is to go out and kidnap people
Or marched and was ordered to go
The person who wants it is unyielding
It must be an attack
In case the emperor believes that prescription
We have to get back.
I'm afraid there are variables in Beijing